Online Tank Wars Areana

  This game is built around one main, large level allowing a lot of people to join with
  several different tanks with different strengths and weaknesses. Upon picking your tank,
  the clinet will log you into the server via a java based client, and then placed on a
  team (depending on the game play). From there, have fun, shoot other tanks and see them go
  flying/blow up, obtain points, etc. (add special effects such as fire, fireballs shooting
  out of tank, etc..). It will be built in a 3D environment.

  This could include networking, social aspects, awards and other various checkpoints and
  perks to keep the player interested. There could even be a build-your-own level maker to
  allow gamers to make their own levels and obstacles. There could even be a modular system
  for items to allow users to create their own items and weapons and then distribute them to
  friends and family. Grandma's got an oozie!

RSA Encryption

  Essentially this will be a chrome extension that will utilize the ability to insert "content
  scripts" into pages almost aribtrarily. We will be able to setup forms to work with algorithms
  that run behind the scenes to ecrypt/decrypt and digitally sign messages that people want to
  send to others. Obviously this is not a fool-proof solution. People can still look over your
  shoulder, and Microsoft may have a deal with the NSA, Apple may as well, which would render
  this whole progject useless. However for those who need it and can verify they are on secure 
  systems but do not necessarily know if their recipient is on a secure connection we have this extension.
  
  This could allow those who are super paranoid or those who are geniunely worried for their
  own security to keep themselves protected. It could even include animations for the window pane 
  that pops up to slide or fade in and out of the user interface. One additional thing that could 
  be implemented would be digital signatures. This would allow the user to verify their identity outside
  the uses of the app itself, like in chat or IRC or even txt messages.
